com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/ProxyAnnotationException.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.ProxyAnnotationException
com/netflix/ribbon/template/TemplateParser.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.template.TemplateParser
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/RibbonDynamicProxy.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.RibbonDynamicProxy
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.RibbonDynamicProxy$ProxyLifecycleImpl
com/netflix/ribbon/http/HttpMetaResponse.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpMetaResponse
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/annotation/ContentTransformerClass.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.ContentTransformerClass
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/MethodTemplateExecutor.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.MethodTemplateExecutor
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.MethodTemplateExecutor$1
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.MethodTemplateExecutor$2
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/processor/HystrixAnnotationProcessor.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.processor.HystrixAnnotationProcessor
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/annotation/Var.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.Var
com/netflix/ribbon/http/HttpRequestTemplate.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpRequestTemplate
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpRequestTemplate$Builder
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpRequestTemplate$CacheProviderWithKeyTemplate
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/ProxyLifeCycle.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.ProxyLifeCycle
com/netflix/ribbon/http/HttpResponseValidator.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpResponseValidator
com/netflix/ribbon/DefaultResourceFactory.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.DefaultResourceFactory
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/annotation/Content.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.Content
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/annotation/TemplateName.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.TemplateName
com/netflix/ribbon/hystrix/HystrixObservableCommandChain.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.hystrix.HystrixObservableCommandChain
 com.netflix.ribbon.hystrix.HystrixObservableCommandChain$1
com/netflix/ribbon/RibbonResourceFactory.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.RibbonResourceFactory
com/netflix/ribbon/template/ParsedTemplate.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.template.ParsedTemplate
com/netflix/ribbon/http/HttpMetaRequest.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpMetaRequest
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpMetaRequest$1
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpMetaRequest$2
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpMetaRequest$3
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpMetaRequest$3$1
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpMetaRequest$ResponseWithSubject
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/ClassTemplate.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.ClassTemplate
com/netflix/ribbon/CacheProviderFactory.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.CacheProviderFactory
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/processor/CacheProviderAnnotationProcessor.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.processor.CacheProviderAnnotationProcessor
com/netflix/ribbon/RequestWithMetaData.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.RequestWithMetaData
com/netflix/ribbon/hystrix/CacheObservableCommand.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.hystrix.CacheObservableCommand
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/annotation/ClientProperties.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.ClientProperties
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.ClientProperties$Property
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/processor/AnnotationProcessor.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.processor.AnnotationProcessor
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/annotation/Hystrix.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.Hystrix
com/netflix/ribbon/ResponseValidator.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.ResponseValidator
com/netflix/ribbon/template/PathVar.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.template.PathVar
com/netflix/ribbon/CacheProvider.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.CacheProvider
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/MethodTemplate.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.MethodTemplate
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.MethodTemplate$1
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.MethodTemplate$CacheProviderEntry
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.MethodTemplate$MethodAnnotationValues
com/netflix/ribbon/template/TemplateParsingException.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.template.TemplateParsingException
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/processor/AnnotationProcessorsProvider.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.processor.AnnotationProcessorsProvider
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.processor.AnnotationProcessorsProvider$DefaultAnnotationProcessorsProvider
com/netflix/ribbon/hystrix/FallbackHandler.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.hystrix.FallbackHandler
com/netflix/ribbon/ResourceGroup.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.ResourceGroup
 com.netflix.ribbon.ResourceGroup$GroupBuilder
 com.netflix.ribbon.ResourceGroup$TemplateBuilder
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/RibbonProxyException.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.RibbonProxyException
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/annotation/ResourceGroup.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.ResourceGroup
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/annotation/Http.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.Http
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.Http$Header
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.Http$HttpMethod
com/netflix/ribbon/Ribbon.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.Ribbon
com/netflix/ribbon/http/HttpResourceGroup.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpResourceGroup
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpResourceGroup$Builder
com/netflix/ribbon/http/HttpRequestBuilder.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpRequestBuilder
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpRequestBuilder$1
com/netflix/ribbon/ServerError.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.ServerError
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/Utils.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.Utils
com/netflix/ribbon/ClientOptions.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.ClientOptions
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/processor/ClientPropertiesProcessor.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.processor.ClientPropertiesProcessor
com/netflix/ribbon/template/TemplateVar.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.template.TemplateVar
com/netflix/ribbon/http/HttpResourceObservableCommand.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpResourceObservableCommand
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpResourceObservableCommand$1
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpResourceObservableCommand$2
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpResourceObservableCommand$2$1
com/netflix/ribbon/hystrix/ResultCommandPair.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.hystrix.ResultCommandPair
com/netflix/ribbon/template/MatrixVar.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.template.MatrixVar
com/netflix/ribbon/UnsuccessfulResponseException.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.UnsuccessfulResponseException
com/netflix/ribbon/RibbonRequest.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.RibbonRequest
com/netflix/ribbon/RequestTemplate.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.RequestTemplate
 com.netflix.ribbon.RequestTemplate$RequestBuilder
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/processor/HttpAnnotationProcessor.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.processor.HttpAnnotationProcessor
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/annotation/CacheProvider.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.annotation.CacheProvider
com/netflix/ribbon/RibbonResponse.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.RibbonResponse
com/netflix/ribbon/http/HttpRequest.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpRequest
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpRequest$1
 com.netflix.ribbon.http.HttpRequest$CacheProviderWithKey
com/netflix/ribbon/proxy/ProxyHttpResourceGroupFactory.java
 com.netflix.ribbon.proxy.ProxyHttpResourceGroupFactory
